docs/source/introduction.rst, before:

----------------------------------------
Glymur: a Python interface for JPEG 2000
----------------------------------------

**Glymur** is an interface to the OpenJPEG library
which allows one to read and write JPEG 2000 files from Python.  
Glymur supports both reading and writing of JPEG 2000 images, but writing
JPEG 2000 images is currently limited to images that can fit in memory.
**Glymur** can read images using OpenJPEG library versions as far back as 1.3,
but it is strongly recommended to use at least version 2.1.2.

In regards to metadata, most JP2 boxes are properly interpreted.
Certain optional JP2 boxes can also be written, including XML boxes and
XMP UUIDs.  There is incomplete support for reading JPX metadata.

Glymur will look to use **lxml** when processing boxes with XML content, but can
fall back upon the standard library's **ElementTree** if **lxml** is not
available.

Glymur works on Python versions 2.7, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6.  If you have Python
2.6, you should use the 0.5 series of Glymur.

For more information about OpenJPEG, please consult http://www.openjpeg.org.

Glymur Installation
===================
The easiest way to install Glymur is via Anaconda using conda-forge ::

    $ conda config --append channels conda-forge
    $ conda install glymur

You can also should be able to install Glymur via pip, although you should 
be sure that OpenJPEG is installed first ::

    $ pip install glymur

Commit message:

CLN: remove unhittable test fragments
We only support version 2.1.1 or higher, so code fragments targetting
lower versions of openjpeg can't be hit.

docs/source/introduction.rst, after:

----------------------------------------
Glymur: a Python interface for JPEG 2000
----------------------------------------

**Glymur** is an interface to the OpenJPEG library
which allows one to read and write JPEG 2000 files from Python.  
Glymur supports both reading and writing of JPEG 2000 images, but writing
JPEG 2000 images is currently limited to images that can fit in memory.
**Glymur** can read images using OpenJPEG library versions as far back as 1.3,
but it is strongly recommended to use at least version 2.1.2.

In regards to metadata, most JP2 boxes are properly interpreted.
Certain optional JP2 boxes can also be written, including XML boxes and
XMP UUIDs.  There is incomplete support for reading JPX metadata.

Glymur will look to use **lxml** when processing boxes with XML content, but can
fall back upon the standard library's **ElementTree** if **lxml** is not
available.

The current version of glymur works on Python versions 3.4, 3.5, and 3.6.  The
LTS version, v0.8.11, has support for Python versions 3.3 and 2.7.

For more information about OpenJPEG, please consult http://www.openjpeg.org.

Glymur Installation
===================
The easiest way to install Glymur is via Anaconda using conda-forge ::

    $ conda config --append channels conda-forge
    $ conda install glymur

You can also should be able to install Glymur via pip, although you should 
be sure that OpenJPEG is installed first ::

    $ pip install glymur
