docs/source/whatsnew/0.8.rst, before:

=====================
Changes in glymur 0.8
=====================

Changes in 0.8.9
=================
    * Qualified on Python 3.6.
    * Changed travis-ci testing to use Anaconda.

Changes in 0.8.8
=================
    * Refactor test suite.
    * Fix printing errors in case of bad colr box.
    * Fix tests on CentOS when seeing OpenJPEG 1.3

Changes in 0.8.7
=================
    * Qualified on OPENJPEG v2.1.2.

Changes in 0.8.6
=================
    * State explicit dependence on setuptools.

Changes in 0.8.5
=================
    * Relax dependency on lxml; use stdlib ElementTree if necessary.
    * Fix bug in XML box processing with certain XML declarations.
    * Qualified on OPENJPEG v2.1.1.

Changes in 0.8.4
=================
    * Add Anaconda awareness to config module, favor over system package manager.
    * Fix issue locating openjpeg dll on windows.

Changes in 0.8.3
=================

    * Add gdal interpretation of UUIDBox with GeoTIFF Box specification for JPEG2000 metadata.
    * Add support for Python 3.5.
    * Add support for Cygwin platform.
    * Add write support for UUIDInfo and UUIDList box.
    * Relax installation requirement of lxml package from 3.0 to 2.3.2.
    * Fix parsing error of bits-per-component box in Python 2.7.

Changes in 0.8.2
=================

    * Require at least version 1.5.0 of OpenJPEG.
    * Improve read error message when openjpeg library not found.

Changes in 0.8.1
=================

    * Add support for bits per component box.

Changes in 0.8.0
=================

    * Simplify writing images by moving image data and options into the 
      constructor.
    * Deprecate :py:meth:`read` method in favor of array-style slicing.
      In order to retain certain functionality, change the following parameters 
      to the :py:meth:`read` method to top-level properties

      * verbose
      * layer
      * ignore_pclr_cmap_cdef

    * Two new properties

      * codestream
      * shape

Commit message:

Drop support for python 3.3 in LTS

docs/source/whatsnew/0.8.rst, after:

=====================
Changes in glymur 0.8
=====================

Changes in 0.8.12
=================
    * Qualified on OpenJPEG 2.3.0.
    * Drop support for Python 3.3.

Changes in 0.8.11
=================
    * Qualified on OpenJPEG 2.2.0.

Changes in 0.8.10
=================
    * Add pathlib support.

Changes in 0.8.9
=================
    * Qualified on Python 3.6.
    * Changed travis-ci testing to use Anaconda.

Changes in 0.8.8
=================
    * Refactor test suite.
    * Fix printing errors in case of bad colr box.
    * Fix tests on CentOS when seeing OpenJPEG 1.3

Changes in 0.8.7
=================
    * Qualified on OPENJPEG v2.1.2.

Changes in 0.8.6
=================
    * State explicit dependence on setuptools.

Changes in 0.8.5
=================
    * Relax dependency on lxml; use stdlib ElementTree if necessary.
    * Fix bug in XML box processing with certain XML declarations.
    * Qualified on OPENJPEG v2.1.1.

Changes in 0.8.4
=================
    * Add Anaconda awareness to config module, favor over system package manager.
    * Fix issue locating openjpeg dll on windows.

Changes in 0.8.3
=================

    * Add gdal interpretation of UUIDBox with GeoTIFF Box specification for JPEG2000 metadata.
    * Add support for Python 3.5.
    * Add support for Cygwin platform.
    * Add write support for UUIDInfo and UUIDList box.
    * Relax installation requirement of lxml package from 3.0 to 2.3.2.
    * Fix parsing error of bits-per-component box in Python 2.7.

Changes in 0.8.2
=================

    * Require at least version 1.5.0 of OpenJPEG.
    * Improve read error message when openjpeg library not found.

Changes in 0.8.1
=================

    * Add support for bits per component box.

Changes in 0.8.0
=================

    * Simplify writing images by moving image data and options into the 
      constructor.
    * Deprecate :py:meth:`read` method in favor of array-style slicing.
      In order to retain certain functionality, change the following parameters 
      to the :py:meth:`read` method to top-level properties

      * verbose
      * layer
      * ignore_pclr_cmap_cdef

    * Two new properties

      * codestream
      * shape
